1, front page need to change the banner first
remove the categories
do the same thing like hot and new to food
another for service
follow by buy in bulk
add in more >> to view more
(done)
2. who can post the event (done)
3. do allow search for products or services
4. clicking n product details (done)
what app and call no functioning (done)
show the owner of umk (done)
5. review no functioning  (done)
6. comments no functioning (done)
7. order now no functioning (done)
8. add new product (done)
9. for buyer, how to keep track on my order (done)
10. need a place to login by buyer (done) 
11. the umk registration at the server (done)
12. login as seller (done)
allow seller to add in the earning and expenses manually
show the details of the earning and expenses (done)
balance must correct (done)
it moved to ask for help automaticaaly after a while
13. order module need to improve (done)
14. for seller, how can i check on ask for help to review the answer
can d0 the same like unsolved and solved (done)
after clicking on the ask for help menu, do allow seller to comments the ask for help ()
15 for admin, please check the ask for help (done)
16. koperasi stll need ots of improvement like posting the item and viewing the order
17 reporting module to the admin (done)
18. after signing up must go to home page (done)
19. sign up page, login no funcioning (done)
20. view product is not clickable (done)
21. add comment, nothing happen (done)
22. on see more, are they going to stop replicate the prodyct eveyrtime we scroll down. as it duplicate the same products everytime scroll down (done)
23. the first products show in the first row of the list?
24. view a product details, whatapp no functioning (done)
25. click proceed order, force to close (done)
26. after signing up try to login cannot (done)
27. login menu (done)
28. seller add the earning and expenses
29. click on the solf product to view the details
30. order should be clickable
31. qr go back to order screen (done)
32. ask for help after submit go other page (done)
33. can submit without filing anything (done)

1. refresh module (done)
2. like (done)
3. clickable order (fix)
4. type location cannot see 
5. click on seller in product detail (done)
6. event layout is too big (done)
7. new case should appear first (done)
8. cannot submit answer for ask for help (done)
9. report module 
number of umk, number of earning by division, number of type of sales by division
10. add new event nothing show (done)
event title, description, date, location, img
11. provide date component for filling date 
12. edit profile 
13. delivery services 
14. cart 
15. fix review (done)
1 part for their common profile (demographic) (done)
- Profil Pengguna 

- Nama

- Jantina

- Tarikh Lahir

- Alamat:

- Nombor Telefon

- Emel (jika ada)



Another part (separate link/page)
 - Profil Perniagaan 

- Bidang Perniagaan

- Lokasi Perniagaan (Bahagian sahaja - Kuching, etc)*

- Alamat Perniagaan

- Senarai Produk

- Lokasi Pasaran (Senaraikan for Bahagian).





*Do a drop down of the bahagian only

1. event see more
2. service single line (done)
3. filter not working
4. clicking on profile seller 
5. registeration as buyer (done)
6. userProfile make font consistent. with toolbar (done)
7. after posting, clear the text (done)
8. like is no working (done)
9. registred as buyer, cannot make order (done)
10. all the items in front does not come with order button (done)
11. click for detail in buyer like (done)
12. can click on the order to go to the details (==) 
13. solve, unsolve come with toolbarv (done)
14. recent posted case not appear in the review query 
15. clicking on prev order will go to customer order 
16. redundant rm (done)
17. when login as admin, chage to cases menu
18. font size too small in asnwer (done)


1. once order, can move to order module (done)
2. i am buyer, click on profile module, click on back button 
3. edit profile
4. login as lily. add the buyer (done)
5. click standley, no information (done)
6. event click go to event page (done)
7. date and time picker in event  (done)
8. report module
9. next page is for buyer also (done)
10. cannot displaye seller for bulk

1. contact number of guest not display (done)
2. arrow on view more photo will go to login page (done)
3. search function not getting correct result (done)
4. add warning if email already registered (done)
5. add phone number instead of email as registration method (done)
6. buyer can send message as well (done)
7. seller can answer his own ask for help (done)
8. remove quesry from userProfile (done)
9. when click on the message for the order and click the back button it go to profile menu  (done)
10. order under koperasi account (done)
11. Buy in bulk has list of products why the product list under the profile is empty ? (done)
12. cannot c details profile of products list for admin (done)

1. previous order cannot cancel order
2. registration on back pressed
3. buyer edit profile
4. list of seller set default as kuching
5. searching in koperasi not working
6. previous order disable make order
7. my order move to current order/previous order